Make Fragment an Element (#214)
Roblox/roact: CHANGELOG.md

# Roact Changelog

## Unreleased Changes

> * Fixed a bug where fragments could not be used as child of a component. ([#214](https://github.com/Roblox/roact/pull/214))

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where fragments could not be used as children of an element or another fragment. ([#214](https://github.com/Roblox/roact/pull/214))
```
